Documentation/Contributors/README.md, before:

# Contributor Guides

- [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) - Start here. How to find something to work on, submit issues, and open pull requests.
- [Build Guide](BuildGuide/README.md) - How to build and run CesiumJS locally.
- **IDEs** - use any IDE you want for CesiumJS development. Most contributors use WebStorm (commercial) or VSCode (open source).
  - [WebStorm Guide](WebStormGuide/README.md) - How to set up WebStorm.
  - [VSCode Guide](VSCodeGuide/README.md) - How to set up VSCode.
- [Coding Guide](CodingGuide/README.md) - JavaScript and GLSL coding conventions and best practices for design, maintainability, and performance.
- [Testing Guide](TestingGuide/README.md) - How to run the CesiumJS tests and write awesome tests.
- [Performance Testing Guide](PerformanceTestingGuide) - Best practices for measuring runtime performance.
- [Documentation Guide](DocumentationGuide/README.md) - How to write great reference documentation.
- [Code Review Guide](CodeReviewGuide/README.md) - Best practices for reviewing code in pull requests.
- [Presenter's Guide](PresentersGuide/README.md) - Tips for giving talks.
- [Committer's Guide](CommittersGuide/README.md) - What to do with commit access to the main CesiumJS repo.

Commit message:

Add a link to the custom shader guide

Documentation/Contributors/README.md, after:

# Contributor Guides

- [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md) - Start here. How to find something to work on, submit issues, and open pull requests.
- [Build Guide](BuildGuide/README.md) - How to build and run CesiumJS locally.
- **IDEs** - use any IDE you want for CesiumJS development. Most contributors use WebStorm (commercial) or VSCode (open source).
  - [WebStorm Guide](WebStormGuide/README.md) - How to set up WebStorm.
  - [VSCode Guide](VSCodeGuide/README.md) - How to set up VSCode.
- [Coding Guide](CodingGuide/README.md) - JavaScript and GLSL coding conventions and best practices for design, maintainability, and performance.
- [Testing Guide](TestingGuide/README.md) - How to run the CesiumJS tests and write awesome tests.
- [Performance Testing Guide](PerformanceTestingGuide/README.md) - Best practices for measuring runtime performance.
- [Documentation Guide](DocumentationGuide/README.md) - How to write great reference documentation.
- [Code Review Guide](CodeReviewGuide/README.md) - Best practices for reviewing code in pull requests.
- [Presenter's Guide](PresentersGuide/README.md) - Tips for giving talks.
- [Committer's Guide](CommittersGuide/README.md) - What to do with commit access to the main CesiumJS repo.
- [Custom Shader Guide](../CustomShaderGuide/README.md) - Usage guide for the `CustomShader` class, which applies custom GLSL code to models and tilesets.
